{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rules for Playing Modified Blackjack\
Blake Prather-Johnson and Willem Sciandra\
\
Gameplay:\
The game is played with a standard 52-card deck. You (the player) play against the house (a computer). The object of the game is to collect more cards than the house. Each round, you are dealt two cards face-up. The house is dealt one face-up card and one face-down card. You objective is to get the total values of your cards as close to 21 as possible without going over. Face cards are worth 10, numbered cards are worth their number and aces alternate between being worth 1 and 11 (more on that in the \'93Aces\'94 section below). Each turn, the player (who always goes first) can choose to \'93hit\'94 or \'93stand\'94. A hit means the top card of the deck is removed and added to your hand. A stand means that you are passing the turn to the house. Once the turn is passed to the house, they reveal their previously face-down card. Then, if their combined card value is less than 17, the house must hit until the value is greater than or equal to 17. If the value of cards in your hand is ever greater than 21, you lose, or \'93bust\'94 and the cards in your hand go into the house\'92s \'93pile\'94. If the value of cards in your hand is exactly 21, you automatically win that hand, and the cards in you hand go into your \'93pile\'94. The same is true for the house. As mentioned previously, your objective is to have more cards in your pile* at the end of the game than the house. The game ends when the last card is drawn from the deck, or when the total value of all cards in the deck is less than 21.\
\
Special Rules and Considerations:\
Aces: Aces are normally attributed a value of 11. However, if the sum of cards in your hand were to ever exceed 21 while you have an ace in hand, the ace\'92s value then becomes 1. The same is true for the house. If the house has an ace in hand and the value of his cards were to be greater than or equal to 17 (while the ace is treated as an 11), they must stand.\
\
Ties: If you are dealt two cards at the beginning of the round whose values equal 21 exactly (i.e. an ace and a face card), you automatically win that hand. The same is true for the house. However, if both you and the house are dealt hands whose values\'92 total to 21, it is considered a tie, and both you and the house\'92s cards go to the \'93discard\'94. Cards in the discard* count towards neither player\'92s final score.\
\
* Although you may see how many cards are in this stack at any time, you can not see which cards are in this stack (i.e. the cards are turned face down and you can not view them).}